[TV playing indistinctly]
Ugh, I am so hungry.
Then go make something.
Ugh, I'm so lazy.
Whoa! Last week's web cast
of "iCarly,"
The most viewers we ever got.
Really? How many?
355,000.
-[laughs] Oh.
-Holy cheese.
Where have you been all day?
Canada.
I thought you were just going
to the art museum.
I was, until I fell asleep
on the bus
and woke up in Vancouver.
I'm so done
with public transportation.
Ah, it's not that bad.
You know, I was born on a bus.
Huh?
My mom's not good at planning.
You know, I'm not sure
it's fair to blame the bus
'cause you fell asleep.
It's not just that.
Last week on the bus,
a hobo spilled chili on me
Then continued to eat it
without a spoon.
I can't believe
you went all the way to Canada.
It wasn't a total lost.
I bought Canadian bacon
while I was there.
Who wants night breakfast?
-Me.
[phone chiming]
Text message?
Email.
From the president of Daka.
Daka, the shoe company?
-Yeah.
-Read it.
"Dear Carly, we're big fans
of your web show."
-Wow.
-Cool.
"We'd love to have a meeting
with you in our Seattle office
"and talk about
a business relationship
between Daka shoes
and 'iCarly.'"
-No way.
-That's awesome.
Oh.
This is just sliced ham.
How dare those Canadians try
and pass this off
as some sort of fancy bacon.
- In five, four, three, two...
[upbeat music]
- ♪ I know you see ♪
♪ Somehow the world
will change for me ♪
[together]
♪ And be so wonderful ♪
- ♪ Live life, breathe air ♪
♪ I know somehow
we're going to get there ♪
[together]
♪ And feel so wonderful ♪
♪ It's all for real ♪
- ♪ I'm telling you
just how I feel ♪
♪ So wake up the members
of my nation ♪
[together]
♪ It's your time to breath ♪
- ♪ There's no chance
unless you take one ♪
♪ Every time you see
the brighter side ♪
♪ Of every situation ♪
♪ Some things
are meant to be ♪
♪ So give me your best
and leave the rest to me ♪
♪ Leave it all to me ♪
♪ Leave it all
to me ♪
♪ Just leave it all to me ♪
And this
is our conference room.
-Cool.
-Nice.
I like it.
Where did you get
the turkey sandwich?
Found it on some dude's desk.
All right.
-Let's go over the game plan.
-What do you mean?
We don't even know
what they want from us.
Well, they probably know that
lots of people watch "iCarly, "
so I bet they want us
to promote some shoes
or something.
-Cool.
-Yeah, if they pay us.
We should get 50 bucks cash
or no deal.
"iCarly"'s got a huge audience.
We should get at least 100.
Okay.
We'll ask for 100.
I hope
they don't think that's pushy.
Yeah.
I'd hate for anyone
to think I'm pushy.
I swear.
One minute my turkey sandwich
was sitting there on my desk
and then gone.
-Get over it, Braxley.
-I'm stupid.
Carly.
Sam.
-Freddie.
-Hey.
I'm Greg Horvath,
president of Daka shoes.
Please, sit down.
Have a seat.
We have a lot to discuss,
[overlapping chatter]
A lot to discuss indeed.
Our marketing team
is very familiar
With your web show, "iCarly."
[overlapping
affirmative chatter]
Apparently, you're getting
300,000 viewers a week.
More.
Impressive.
And that's why Daka
would like to advertise
our new sneaker
on your show.
[overlapping
affirmative chatter]
-Oh, here it is.
-Here it is.
Daka's new Techfoot.
[gasping, applause]
-Awesome.
-Sweet shoe.
That's so cool.
The Techfoot
is our most technologically
advanced shoe ever.
It has a pedometer,
so you know exactly
How many steps you've run,
walked, or jogged.
It has a foot warmer
for when your feet get cold,
And it even offers
Wi-Fi connectivity.
I call it shoe-fi.
-Braxley.
-I'm stupid.
So, how do you want us...
Lights.
Screen.
I'm Carly.
I'm Sam.
We love the new Techfoot.
Yes, the new Techfoot.
They are fantastic. Mm-hmm.
That's what we want you to do.
Carly and Sam just talk
about the shoes
-while they're doing "iCarly"?
-Exactly.
Because if your audience knows
that you guys love
the new Techfoot,
then they'll go out
and buy 'em.
So how much
are you gonna pay us?
Sam.
You don't say it like that.
So...how much
are you gonna pay us?
How much do you want?
We want 100.
Deal. We'll pay you $100,000.
-[choking]
-Sam, Sam.
Braxley.
Now, $100,000
paid over one year comes to...
Over $8,000 a month.
Do we have a deal?
Uh...
-Yes.
-Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Excellent.
Just sign these contracts.
You'll get your first check.
Whoa, whoa, wait.
Whoa, whoa.
We want cash.
-Keep it going.
-Yeah.
-Keep it coming.
-This is good.
This is fun.
This is a fun time.
[singsongy]
And I bought some stuff
'cause you know
I got paid the other day
Freddie, come over.
[singsongy] I'm having fun
with Daka's money
Spending a ton of Daka's money
I'm a rich girl
[humming]
Looking good, Carly.
Feeling good, Freddie.
So what did you buy?
Oh, just this.
New laptop?
This isn't just a laptop.
This is the Devaglio,
the finest, best,
most insanely awesome
portable computer known to man.
Listen to the sound it made
when you open it.
[angelic music]
Sweet.
So what did you buy?
Some awesome sunglasses
from Mercedes Lens.
-Whoo. Fancy.
-Okay.
Tell me what pair
you like better, these...
Or these...
-Uh...
-Or these.
How many did you buy?
I don't know.
I stopped counting after 30.
Side five.
[bell rings]
Ooh!
Are you guys having some fun
spending your Techfoot money?
Oh, yeah.
What is that?
Oh, well, since I refuse
to ride the bus anymore,
I made myself this bike
out of parts
I found at the junkyard.
What's wrong with the bike
you already have?
-I don't have a bike.
-Yeah, you do.
It's hanging in the kitchen
right there.
Well, too late now.
-What up?
-Built a bike.
Later.
Hey, did Daka deliver
the Techfoots yet?
Yeah.
They're up in the studio.
Nice.
Uh...
Oh, sorry.
Carly, Freddie, this is Sonya,
my personal chef.
Yoo-hoo.
-What?
-You hired a personal chef?
Well, my mom doesn't feed me.
And since I got
some real money now,
why not?
Sonya, please make me
a grilled cheese sandwich
with tomato.
Yes, Ms. Sam.
I like grilled cheese
sandwiches with tomato.
Make that two, please.
Yes, Ms. Sam.
I like
grilled cheese sandwiches too.
Tough nubs.
Sonya!
I'm done with this plate.
-Dessert?
-I really shouldn't.
I can make you cake.
-I'm thinking pie.
-I will make pie.
Maybe it's just me,
but didn't the Techfoot shoe
they showed us at Daka
look better than these?
Yeah.
I think you're right.
Who cares?
I got a lady making me pie.
[squeaking]
Uh, they're kind of squeaky.
-Yeah.
-They're just new.
Probably need to be broken
in a little bit.
Right. True. Okay.
"iCarly" Goes live
in 15 seconds.
Let's shake it, baby.
[squeaking]
In five, four, three, two...
Hello, people.
-You're watching "iCarly."
-I'm Sam.
So I must be Carly.
-So Carly.
-So Sam.
Why don't we tell everybody
about the insanely
awesome new shoes
we got the other day?
You know, we should.
Okay.
These bad boys
are called Techfoots.
[exhales sharply]
By Daka.
And not only
did they look cool...
They have
a built-in foot warmer.
They have a digital pedometer
to tell you how far
you've run, walked, or jogged.
They even have
Wi-Fi connectivity.
I mean,
who wouldn't buy these shoes?
Jerks.
So quit being a jerk
and go buy yourself
a pair of Techfoots.
Woosh. By Daka.
Hula hula.
Hula, hula, hula,
hula, hula, hula.
[squeaking]
-Hey.
Your feet hurt, too?
Yeah. These Techfoots
are killing me.
Mine, too.
Oh, and last night,
I tried to use
the Wi-Fi on 'em
And they crashed
my new Devaglio.
And I think these things
are squeaking even louder.
I know. Mine too.
[squeaking]
-Oh, my gosh!
-What happened?
I stepped in a little puddle
and my Techfoot shocked me.
No way.
And then
they totally fell apart.
Hey, thanks for telling us
to buy Techfoots.
Really awesome shoes.
We want our money back
Well,
we didn't sell you the shoes.
Fine. Then we're just gonna
stop watching "iCarly."
Yeah.
There's plenty of other things
to watch.
I hate these stupid Techfoots.
[electricity crackling]
Techfoot.
This is bad.
It's not that bad.
Thousands of people wearing
the worst shoe in history
cause of "iCarly,"
'cause we told them
how great they are?
This is bad.
[groans]
I need some milk.
What happened
to your homemade bike?
I chained it up by the curb
for a few minutes
and one of those street sweeper
truck things came by
and sucked it right in.
Well, maybe you should Just
start riding the bus again.
Not happening.
I'll just get around
in an old fashion way.
You're gonna walk everywhere?
No.
I'm gonna blade.
So what are we gonna do
about these jankfoots?
Well we better do something
unless we want "iCarly"
to keep losing viewers.
Blubbery muffins?
What?
Blubbery?
Blueberry.
Sorry, Sonya,
we're too upset to eat.
[whimpers]
How about this.
We go talk to the guys
at the Daka,
tell him everything
that's wrong
with the Techfoots,
and then maybe they'll fix 'em.
I think that's smart.
Sam?
Oh, sorry,
I was lost in this muffin.
[giddy shouting]
Whoo!
If you need me,
I will be at the gym.
Whoo!
Will you get the door?
[indistinct chatter]
Hey, hey, it's the iCarly team.
-How you guys doin'?
-Not so great.
We need to talk to you guys
about the Techfoot.
They have a ton of problems.
Problems? Like?
Well, first,
they squeak really bad.
And the Wi-Fi
crashed my computer.
Carly got shocked
when she stepped in a puddle.
And then
they practically fell apart.
And when I throw 'em away,
they exploded.
You know
when you put out a new shoe,
they always have
a few minor problems.
Minor?
What would be a major problem?
If they came to life
in the middle of the night
and ate your family?
I live alone.
Look, either you make
the shoes work like
they're supposed to...
Or we will never talk
about them on "iCarly" again.
-Yeah.
-Look.
You signed a deal
with Daka shoes
and you took our money
so you're gonna keep talking
up the Techfoots on "iCarly"
or you're gonna be
in big legal trouble.
We're not scared of you.
Yeah, my uncle happens
to be a lawyer.
-I thought he got arrested?
-Shhh.
Here's another one.
"Why don't you iCarly jerks
come over to my house
"so I could put on
my new Techfoots
and jump and down
on your faces."
This is awful.
I know.
Half our audience hates us,
and we're completely
out of blubbery muffins.
Look, on "iCarly" tonight,
you guys got to tell everyone
that Techfoots bite.
No thanks, I don't wanna get
sued for everything I have.
What do you have?
Oh, yeah.
[groans]
Spencer. What happened?
One minute
I'm blading down Hill Street,
feeling good,
on top of the world,
and the next thing
I know--bam!
I got a face full of dumpster.
Well, that's it.
From now on, Spencer's walkin'.
[groans]
Aw.
Didn't Spencer go to law school
for, like, 20 minutes?
-Three days, thank you.
-Well, do you think
you could help us get
out of a contract?
What? The Techfoot one?
-Yeah.
-Uh-huh.
Well, I have to read it,
but if there's one thing
I learned in my 72 hours
of law school,
it's that every contract
has a loophole.
So you'll help us?
Sure, but not right now, okay?
I just had to walk
eight miles to get home
and I'm tired and sad.
Aw.
You wanna
nice bowl of hot soup?
-Yes please.
-Sonya!
Yoo-hoo!
In five, four, three, two...
Hey.
Okay, this is "iCarly."
And before we do
anything else tonight.
We wanna talk to you guys
some more about
The incredible
new Techfoot shoes
we told you about last week.
We're gonna show you
all the reasons
why Techfoots are so unique.
Hey, Carly.
Yes, Sam.
Do your feet
ever get hot And sweaty?
Only always.
Well, that's not a problem
with Techfoots.
Don't I know it?
'Cause all you got to do
is get them a little wet.
Like when it rains.
And then you can just
shove your toe
to the front like this.
How wonderful.
And now our technical producer,
Freddie,
will show you
another cool thing
about the Techfoot.
Okay.
If your computer's hard drive
is cluttered
with a bunch of files, music,
and precious pictures
of family and friends,
the Techfoot does an amazing
thing with Wi-Fi technology.
See,
you just sync the pedometer
up to your computer and...
it wipes out
your entire hard drive.
Isn't that great?
-We're going over there.
-We'll go over there...
[overlapping
affirmative chatter]
And wait till you see this.
For those cold winter days.
Every Techfoot comes
with a built-in toe warmer.
And if you turn
the toe-warmer on high.
Like this.
Then bang it on the table.
[electricity crackling]
It magically catches on fire.
Isn't that handy?
That'll keep your piggies warm.
And not only that...
It's also perfect for...
Roasting weenies.
So go out right now
and buy yourself
a pair of Techfoots.
Cause this is one hot shoe.
You were warned.
I warned you.
-Did I warn them?
-Oh, yes you warned them.
Not only
did you violate your contract
by not saying
good things about the shoe,
you besmirched
the name of the Techfoot
by criticizing it.
You think that I won't take
legal action against you?
You think that
I'm above suing children?
Well, I'm not.
So I hope you
have a good lawyer.
Oh, we do.
[footsteps approaching]
Gentlemen,
I'm their lawyer,
and this is my necktie.
Cool tie.
Yeah?
Where did you get it?
Socco's brother, Tyler.
Now I understand that
you're peeved at my clients.
They were in violation
of a signed contract.
Your contract states only
that the members of "iCarly"
must comment on your shoe,
the Techfoot,
in a positive way.
-Which they didn't.
-Wrong sir.
I reviewed
the webcast in question,
and they only said
positive things
about the Techfoot.
Exhibit "A."
And then you can just
shove your toes to the front
to cool them off like this.
How wonderful.
Exhibit B.
Like a magic eraser.
Isn't that great?
And exhibit C.
It's also perfect for...
Roasting weenies.
How wonderful.
Isn't that great?
Roasting weenies.
Those sound like
very positive comments.
Wouldn't you agree?
'cause I sure think
a judge would,
certainly
one who enjoys weenies.
And we're gonna keep talking
about the Techfoots
in a "positive way."
Just like we did tonight.
To over 300,000 "iCarly" fans
every week.
[indistinct, low chatter]
Why are we huddling?
I don't know.
They're doing it.
-All right.
-[clears throat]
If you'll stop talking
about the Techfoot on "iCarly"
completely,
then we're prepared
to buy you out
of your contract.
For how much?
-Ten thousand.
-Twenty thousand.
-Fifteen thousand.
-Thirty thousand.
What?
And you have to give
full refunds
to every "iCarly" viewer
who bought jankfoots.
-Techfoots.
-I know what I said.
And what if I say no?
Then we sue you.
All right.
Braxley, write her out
a check for $30,000.
Nuh-uh. Cash.
All right.
Blubbery muffins?
I'm stupid.
Keep it coming. This is good.
This is fun.
This is a fun time.
Where are we going?
Can you not try
not to talk so much?
Just give me a hint.
Oh, look who keep saying words.
But why can't you tell me
Why I have to wear
this blindfold?
Hey, just be quiet
and take off your blindfold.
-What is this?
-A motorcycle.
I bought it for you
So you don't have
to ride buses,
Or janky bikes,
Or rollerblade into dumpsters.
You spent
your Techfoot money on me?
I got it 'cause of you.
-You.
Stick this on your head
and get on.
Okay.
Where are we going?
Canada.
-See, you love their bacon.
-I do.
-Even if it is just ham.
-It's good ham.
All ham is good ham.
Touché.
-Hey!
-You there!
You wanna see us do stuff
you can't see anywhere else?
-Do you?
-I think they do.
Then go online to iCarly.com.
Yeah! Go to iCarly.com.
Once you get to iCarly.com,
you can see me and Carly...
And Freddie and Spencer
do all kinds
of wacky fun stuff.
You know
you like wacky fun stuff.
So go online to iCarly.com.
And see stuff
you can't see anywhere else.
Only at iCarly.com.
-So go there.
-Do it.
Seriously.